Refactor authentication and multitenancy documentation some (#2915)
Azure/azure-service-operator: docs/hugo/content/guide/authentication/credential-format.md

---
title: Credential Format
linktitle: Credential Format
---

> 

Reviewer: Suggest you need an introductory paragraph here to explain what's found below.

Author: Done. I didn't wanna fully repeat what was said on the index page but I did a summary of it.

## Service Principal using a Client Secret

### Prerequisites
1. An existing Azure Service Principal.

To use Service Principal authentication with **client secret**, create a secret with the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` and `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` keys set.

For more information about Service Principals, see [creating an Azure Service Principal using the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/create-an-azure-service-principal-azure-cli#password-based-authentication).
The `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` is sometimes also called the App ID. The `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` is the "password" returned by the command in the previously linked documentation.

> Use the following Bash script to set the environment variables for the service principal secret:

Reviewer: It's not a script, it a set of commands (no `#!` at the start)

```suggestion
Use the following Bash commands to set the environment variables containing the service principal secret (customize with your values):
```

Author: Done

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
 name: aso-credential
 namespace: my-namespace
stringData:
 AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID: "$AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
 AZURE_TENANT_ID: "$AZURE_TENANT_ID"
 AZURE_CLIENT_ID: "$AZURE_CLIENT_ID"
 AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET: "$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET"
EOF
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="Resource" %}}

Create a per-resource secret. We'll use `my-resource-secret`:
```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
 name: my-resource-secret
 namespace: my-namespace
stringData:
 AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID: "$AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
 AZURE_TENANT_ID: "$AZURE_TENANT_ID"
 AZURE_CLIENT_ID: "$AZURE_CLIENT_ID"
 AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET: "$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET"
EOF
```

Create the ASO resource referring to `my-resource-secret`. We show a `ResourceGroup` here, but any ASO resource will work.

```bash
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: resources.azure.com/v1api20200601
kind: ResourceGroup
metadata:
  name: aso-sample-rg
  namespace: default
  annotation:
    serviceoperator.azure.com/credential-from: my-resource-secret
spec:
  location: westcentralus
EOF
```

{{% /tab %}}

> {{< /tabpane >}}

Reviewer: This inconsistent syntax bugs me. 😁
